Update Modern Auth message (#310)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/docs-conceptual/sharepoint-online/connect-sharepoint-online.md

2. When prompted with the Windows PowerShell credential request dialog box, type the password for the SharePoint admin account.

To assign a user the SharePoint admin role, see [Assign admin roles](/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/assign-admin-roles) or [Assign admin roles to Microsoft 365 user accounts with PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-roles-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell).

> [!NOTE]

> > If you encounter issues trying to connect or receive an error such as 'Error message: Could not connect to SharePoint Online', you may need to use Modern Authentication. See the following example: 

Reviewer: Maybe instead of the example, you can put "For more information, see Connect-SPOService" with the link to the cmdlet. Or at least include the example with the note format.

> To assign a user the SharePoint admin role, see [Assign admin roles](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/assign-admin-roles) or [Assign admin roles to Microsoft 365 user accounts with PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-roles-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To assign a user the SharePoint admin role, see [Assign admin roles](/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/assign-admin-roles) or [Assign admin roles to Microsoft 365 user accounts with PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-roles-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell).
```

> [!NOTE]

> >
> > - If you encounter issues trying to connect or recieve and error such as 'Error message: Could not connect to SharePoint Online' you may need to use Modern Authentcation. Please see the following example below: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you encounter issues trying to connect or receive an error such as 'Error message: Could not connect to SharePoint Online', you may need to use Modern Authentication. See the following example: 
```

> [!NOTE]

> >

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> > - There is a known issue between the SharePoint Online Management Shell module and SharePoint Client Components SDK where the module will fail to load if both are installed on the same computer. If you encounter this issue, uninstall the SharePoint Client Components SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There is a known issue between the SharePoint Online Management Shell module and SharePoint Client Components SDK where the module will fail to load if both are installed on the same computer. If you encounter this issue, uninstall the SharePoint Client Components SDK.
```
